part of my future that I'm most worried about is the time that I start
getting ready to retire which you know I'm not sure when that's going
to be but I am poaching that window soon essentially could retire
after this tour of duty it'll put me at twenty one years and I really
don't know what I'm gonna do next I do have several opportunities
and things that I can do in the outside world if I do decide to retire
but you know this is been my way of life for the last eighteen years
soon to be the last twenty one years and so you know now moving
to somewhere different where I don't have the same security that I'm
used to the same medical dental benefits the same pay the same access
to educational benefits I'm kind of out there finding on my own
that's that's a little bit scary for me so your retirement actually
I think is is what kind of worries me as I approach that time